document_id: 69a1c6d98e187368daf9c799
title: Natural Language Processing
status: INDEXED
indexed_points: 51
chunks_total: 51
chunks_raw_total: 51
error: 

=== CHUNKS PREVIEW (first 10) ===
[chunk 0] ssyyrraaccuussee uunniivveerrssiittyy ssuurrffaaccee aatt
ssyyrraaccuussee uunniivveerrssiittyy of information studies
- faculty school of information
studie ( ischool )
scholarship 2001
nnaattuurraall llaanngguuaaggee pprroocceessssiinngg
elizabeth d.
liddy
syracuse university
follow
thi and additional works at : https://surface.syr.edu/istpub part of the library and information science commons , and the linguistics
common rreeccoommmmeennddeedd cciittaattiioonn liddy , 2001 .
natural
language processing .
encyclopedia of
library and information science , 2nd ed .
ny .
marcel decker , inc .
this book
chapter brought
to you for free and open acces by the school of information studies ( ischool ) at surface at syracuse university
.
it has been accepted inclusion in school of information studies
- faculty scholarship an authorized administrator of surface at syracuse university .

[chunk 1] it has been accepted inclusion in school of information studies
- faculty scholarship an authorized administrator of surface at syracuse university .
for more information , please contact surface@syr.edu .
nnaattuurraall llaanngguuaaggee pprroocceessssiinngg ddeessccrriippttiioonn//aabbssttrraacctt
natural
language processing ( nlp )
the computerized approach to analyzing text that based both
set of theorie and set of technologie .
and , being very actif area research and developmer , there not single agreed - upon definition that would everyone , but ther ar some aspect , which would part of any knowledgeable s definition .
kkeeyywwoorrdds natural languag processing , nlp ddiisscciipplliinneess
library and information science
linguistics
thi book chapter available at surface at syracuse university : https://surface.syr.edu/istpub/63 natural
language processing1
introduction
natural

[chunk 2] thi book chapter available at surface at syracuse university : https://surface.syr.edu/istpub/63 natural
language processing1
introduction
natural
language
processing ( nlp )
the computerized approach to analyzing text that based both
set of theorie and set of technologie .
and , being very actif area research and developmer , there not single agreed - upon definition that would everyone , but ther ar some aspect , which would part of any knowledgeable s definition .
the definition offer is : definition :
natural languag
processing
is theoretically motivated rang
of computational technique for analyzing and representing naturally occurring texts at one more level of linguistic analysis for the purpose achieving human
-
lik language processing for ranger of task application .
several element thi definition can be further detailed .
firstly the imprecise
notion

[chunk 3] -
lik language processing for ranger of task application .
several element thi definition can be further detailed .
firstly the imprecise
notion
ranger of computational technique necessary becaus ther ar multiple methods technique from which choose accomplish particular type analysi .
naturally occurring text
can
b of any language , mode , genr , etc.
the texts can b oral written .
the only requiremer is that they in used to communicate one another .
also , the text being analyzed should not be specifically constructed for the purpose of the analysis , but rather that the text gathered from actual usage .
the notion of level of linguistic analysis ( to be further explained in section 2 ) refer to the fact that ther ar multiple type language processing known to b at work when produce comprehend languag .

[chunk 4] it i thought that normally utilize all of these level since each level conveys typer meaning .
but variou
nlp
system
utilize level , combination of level of linguistic analysi , and this i seen in the difference amongst variou nlp application .
thi also lead much confusion the part of non-specialists what nlp really is , because system that use any subset of these level analysi can b an nlp - based system .
the difference between them , therefore , may actually whether the system use weak nlp strong nlp .
human
-
lik language processing
reveal that nlp considered
discipline within
artificial
intelligence ( ) .
and whil
the full lineage nlp doe depend number other discipline , since nlp strive human
-
lik performance , i appropriate
to consider an discipline .
for ranger of task application point that nlp not usually considered goal in and of itself , except perhaps for researcher .

[chunk 5] for ranger of task application point that nlp not usually considered goal in and of itself , except perhaps for researcher .
for others , nlp is the means 1 liddy , e. d. in encyclopedia of
library and information science , 2nd ed
.
marcel decker , inc .
accomplishing particular task .
therefore , you have information
retrieval ( ir )
system that utilize nlp , well
machine
translation ( mt ) , question - answering , etc.
goal
the goal nlp stated above to accomplish human
-
lik language processing
.
the choice of the word processing very deliberate , and should not replaced with understanding .
for although the field nlp wa originally referred natural
language
understanding ( nlu )
in the early days , i well agreed today that whil the goal nlp true nlu , that goal ha not been accomplished .
full
nlu
system would abl to : 1 .
paraphrase an input text 2 .

[chunk 6] full
nlu
system would abl to : 1 .
paraphrase an input text 2 .
translate the text into another language 3 .
answer
question about the content of the text 4 .
draw inference from the text while nlp has made serious inroad into accomplishing goal 1 to 3 , the fact that nlp systems cannot , of themselve , draw inference from text , nlu still remains the goal nlp .
there are more practical goal nlp , many related to the particular application which it being utilized .
for exampl , an nlp - based ir system has the goal of providing more precise , complete information in response to user’ s real information need .
the goal of the nlp system here to represent the true meaning and intent of the user’ s query , which can b expressed naturally in everyday languag if they wer speaking to reference librarian .

[chunk 7] also , the content of the document that are being searched will represented at all their level meaning so that true match between need and response can b found , no matter how either expressed in their surfac form .
origin
most modern discipline , the lineage nlp indeed mixed , and still today her strong emphase by group whose background are more influenced one another of the discipline .
key among the contributors to the discipline and practice nlp are : linguistics
- focuser formal , structural model and the discovery
language universal
- in fact the field nlp wa originally referred computational linguistics ;
computer science
- is concerned with
developing internal representation of dater and efficier processing of these structure , and ;
cognitif psychology

[chunk 8] - is concerned with
developing internal representation of dater and efficier processing of these structure , and ;
cognitif psychology
- look at language usage into human cognitif processe , and has the goal of modeling the user of language in psychologically plausible way .
division while the entire field referred to natural language processing , there ar in fact two distinct focuser
language processing and generation .
the first of these refer to the analysis language for the purpose producing meaningful representation , whil the latter refer to the production of language from representation .
the task natural
language processing is equivalent to the role of reader listener , while the task natural
language
generation that
of the writer / speaker .
whil much of the theory and technology are shared by these two division , natural language
generation also require planning capability .

[chunk 9] whil much of the theory and technology are shared by these two division , natural language
generation also require planning capability .
that is , the generation system require plan model of the goal of the interaction in order decide what the system should generat at each point in an interaction .
we will focus the task natural languag analysi , thi most relever to library and information science .
another distinction traditionally made between languag understanding and speech understanding .
speech understanding starts with , and speech generation end with , oral
language and therefore rely
the additional fields of acoustic and phonology .
speech understanding focuser how the sound language picked up by the system in the form of acoustical waves are transcribed into recognizabl
morpheme and word .
